[README] (#29857)
demisto/dockerfiles: README.md

</pre>

  The above command will create a directory `docker/ldap` with all relevant files all setup for building a docker image. You can now build the image locally by following: [Building Locally a Test Build](#building-a-docker-image-locally).
</details>

<details>
  <summary><b>Manually</b></summary>
  All image directories are located under the <code>docker</code> directory. Each Docker image is managed in its own directory under the <code>docker</code> directory. The image directory should be named the same as the image name (without the organization prefix). We use the <a src="https://www.theserverside.com/definition/Kebab-case">kebab-case</a> naming convention for image names.  For example, to create a Docker image named <code>hello-world</code>, you would create a new directory, <code>docker/hello-world</code>.

  The image directory should contain a `Dockerfile` which will be used for building the Docker image. When an image is built, it is tagged with the commit hash and version.
</details>

## Building a Docker Image Locally

It is possible to run a local build to verify that the build process is working. 

Requirements:

* Local install of docker

> * Local install of `pipenv` or `poetry` (if building an image which is managing packages via these build tools - recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Local install of `pipenv` or `poetry` (depends whether the image folder contains `Pipfile` or a `pyproject.toml`, respectively)
```
